-remove test fonts
-remove irrelevant styling

Main font:
Headers - Libre Franklin
Accent - Permananet Marker
Main Body - Libre Baskerville

- help support out mission vs
- add natural language search experience

we've made -this- progress and this is viable
its an exciting time to join!
link wiki page
emphasize neutrality
5 pillars kind of thing

“Extraction of materials is a chief culprit in climate change and biodiversity loss—a challenge that will only worsen unless the world urgently undertakes a systemic reform of resource use,” says UN Environment climate change specialist Niklas Hagelberg. “Such a reform is both necessary and possible.”

"Economic growth which comes at the expense of our
planet is simply not sustainable. "

One example is the socioenvironmental conflicts derived from the mining of gold, silver, copper, zinc or tin in
territories owned or occupied14 by indigenous communities in Amazonian countries (Villén-Pérez et al. 2022).
A leaning towards prioritizing companies’ interests has been observed in domestic laws and regulations (World
Resource Institute 2020) by removing the judicial protection of indigenous communities, expropriating land,
neglecting consultation during the project approval process (United Nations, Economic Commission for Latin
America and the Caribbean [ECLAC] 2023) or even using armed forces to protect mining facilities (Bustos et al.
2023). These communities have also often been under threat in terms of the water quality impacts of mining
operations (International Work Group for Indigenous Affairs [IWGIA] 2023).

INFORMATION AND KNOWLEDGE CONSTRAINTS
• Lack of targets translating global sustainability agendas into resource-use targets.
• Lack of transparent and easily actionable information across the value chain of consumption and production.
• Increasingly complex information and complex solutions.
• Citizens overwhelmingly receive information that promotes consumption and reinforces unattainable
aspirational consumption patterns.

"...90 per cent of biodiversity loss and water stress
are caused by resource extraction and processing. "

"Lack of transparent and easily actionable information..."

Providing citizens with robust information on the
environmental performance of companies and products
is critical.

longside the vulnerability of supply chains, material
demand (including materials classed as critical) 10 is
expected to continue increasing in the coming decade

"Only battery electric and hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicles have the potential to be very-low GHG passenger vehicle pathways. " from ICCT https://theicct.org/why-are-electric-vehicles-the-only-way-to-quickly-and-substantially-decarbonize-transport/
